feat: users/guimatheus92/v0.5.0 (#40)
shmuelzon/home-assistant-floor-plan: README.md

<img src="doc/demo.gif" />

## Features

- **3D Rendered Floor Plan**: Integrates with Sweet Home 3D to generate images automatically to your floorplan (displays current lighting state, sensors, and other entities with interactive icons for toggling lights).
- **Rendering Modes**: Allow user to select the best rendering option to generate his images from his Sweet Home 3D project  
- **Complete Renders Mode**: Renders images for all possible light combinations and rooms.
- **YAML Configuration**: Generate a YAML file with the picture-elements structure for easy integration with Home Assistant.
- **Configurations**:
  - Group detected lights by room.
  - Adjust output resolution (Width / Height).
  - Adjust output quality (High / Low).
  - Progress bar indicates rendering status.
  - Create state icons for multiple entities from Home Assistant based on their names
  - Lights is detected alone or within groups under SH3D

>   - Use existing exported renders to process quicker than the first time

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Caches previously rendered images to save time when generating the next floorplan
```

> # How to activate plugin:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# How To Use The Plugin
```

> # How to activate plugin:

Reviewer: Why do we need this entire section? It already exists under `Usage`

> 1. Download the latest release in `.jar` and copy to Sweet Home 3D "plugins" folder (see notes below) or download the latest release in `.sh3p` and execute that file.

Reviewer: There are no `jar` files in the releases, only an `sh3p` file

> > 	If double-clicking on a `.sh3p` file doesn't launch Sweet Home 3D (most chances under Linux), you can also install a plug-in with the following command in a Terminal window (where SweetHome3D is the name of the executable file provided with Sweet Home 3D installers): `/path/to/SweetHome3D /path/to/plugin.sh3p`

Reviewer: Please try to limit each line here (and in this file in general) to 80 characters

2. Give the lights in Sweet Home 3D, the same name as in Home Assistant entities, for example: light.living_room. That way you will automate the name generation as well.

> 3. Go to `Tools` in Sweet Home 3D -> Home Assistant Lightning Export

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Go to `Tools` in Sweet Home 3D -> Home Assistant Floor Plan
```

> 4. Move the generated images from Path to `/config/www/planes`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Copy the `floorplan` directory with all the images in it to your Home Assistant configuration directory `/config/www/`
```

> 5. Create a card of type `picture-elements` and paste the generated `.yaml` from Path.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Create a card of type `picture-elements` and paste the contents of the generated `floorplan.yaml`  
```

  * It can later be converted to transparent using an image editor
* Close all the doors between individually lighted rooms

## Frequently Asked Questions

1. **Where should I copy the generated files and what should I copy?**  

>   After the process is complete, copy the floorplan folder and floorplan.yaml to your Home Assistant path, specifically to: \config\www.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  After the process is complete, copy the floorplan folder and floorplan.yaml to your Home Assistant path, specifically to: /config/www.
```

2. **How do I select the desired perspective for rendering?**  
  Before activating the plugin, set the SH3D project to the specific 3D point of view that you want to be rendered.

3. **How do I change the rendering settings?**  

>   Prior to activating the plugin, go to “Create photo…” in the SH3D project and adjust the settings there. You do not need to render or save anything; simply make the changes and close the dialog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Prior to activating the plugin, go to "Create photo…" in the SH3D project and adjust the settings there. You do not need to render or save anything; simply make the changes and close the dialog.
```

- [ ] Allow overriding state-icons/labels positions, and save persistently
- [ ] Allow defining, per entity, if it should be an icon or label, and save
      that persistently

> ## Contribute

Reviewer: I think this section should go in a separate `CONTRIBUTING.md` file

> If you are using a UNIX system, just run the `Makefile` and it will generate the necessary build to run this plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using a UNIX system, just run `make` to build the plugin. `make test` will install the plugin and start SH3D.
```
